
So the original beaglebones were on white boards.  Then they came out
with the beaglebone black, on a black board.  About half the price.

I got upset with it and tossed it on a shelf for a while when I got
one right after they came out.  Primary problem was the time taken to
download the sd card image plus the time taken to write that image
only to then have it say there wasnt enough room and I would need to
go buy another, bigger, sd card.

Now on my second go around, enter beaglenmt.

http://vsdev.me/projects/beaglenmt/

A manageable size and worked out of the box, of course this is a rev
A5A board, and the already insanely painful blue leds are extra painful
on the A5A.  So per usualy I had to replace them with something far
less painful, more soldering practice.

The description of the uart pins is odd, but you can figure it out by
experiment, try rx on your serial card/cable first, dont fry anything
by using tx first.  Looks like the beaglebone outputs, TX on pin 5
and inputs, RX, on pin 4.  Remember that most of the time you can
look on the back, look for the solder pad/hole with a square that is
pin one, and count up from there.  In this case pin one of that
connector is on the ethernet end of the board, the end you apply power
to the board.

Like the beaglebone white I will try to now, that I have it up, either
put uboot on the flash if possible or investigate other options there
or modify the sd card files so that it fails to boot linux and just
stops on uboot.

DDR sucks, you dont want to deal with initializing it in general,
perhaps they made it easier here, but I am not interested in finding
out.  Let U-Boot bring up the dram and the uart and other things and
then I will run from there.  U-Boot has a ymodem load so that is perfect

U-Boot# loady 0x82000000

then use your dumb terminal to y modem transfer the file (alt-a then s
then select ymodem on minicom) then

U-Boot# go 0x82000000

To run it.

Cost more than a raspberry pi, but it is a screamer and has lots more
I/O.  Hope to have some fun with it.
